# 11.03.24 Meeting Notes

- **Wednesday at 7pm**, Cora zoom link in discord
- Team dashboard vs individual dev
- We are partially the user
- Student dashboard vs personal project vs etc:
    - Specialized for specific user
- User idea:
  - Context: who is using it, space of user
  - Persona:
    - Student vs worker
      - No need for both?
      - Academic vs industry
    - Limit scope of user:
      - Define diff users and define
    - Multiple users but within field
      - Students:
        - Course assignment deadlines
        - Wider view, simultaneous work, not just one project
        - Less experience with industry tools, e.g. version control tools
        - Constraint on cost
        - Guidance from course admin (assignment docs, lecture slides, notes)
      - Hobbyists:
        - Assumption: individual
        - More unclear on available/optimal tools
        - More flexibility (schedule, tools, etc)
        - Constraint on cost
      - Working professional (tech dev)
        - Assumption: teamwork
        - Deadlines, specific schedules & meetings
        - Dependencies
          - Dependency on other teams, your team members, client
        - Specified industry tools
        - Lack of specifications
        - Clients
          - Can be other teams
      - Management
        - Assumption: teamwork
        - Deadlines, specific schedules & meetings
        - Insight into team status
        - Interact and coordinate with team members
          - Review performance and work done
          - Set performance goals
          - Team planning (scheduling, distribution of tasks)
          - Client and inter-team communication
- Personas:
  - Students:
    - What student needs:
      - Organization (for assignment deadlines, schedules, meetings)
      - Ease of access / increased accessibility to assignments, class documents, links, and other class content
      - Track multiple projects, simultaneous view of project progress
      - Guidance with version control tools/industry tools -> training wheels
      - Need to be able to prioritize
    - User Story (Persona + Need + Purpose):
      - Name: Studious Samantha
      - User Story: As a CS student I want to organize/manage my school assignments so that I can easily prioritize and keep track of my progress. I am a grad student at UCSD studying computer science. I enrolled in 3 classes this quarter, and I have 3 assignments due this weekend : / . I need a dashboard to help me track all the progress I make, so I know which assignment to give up on. Student A is a student at UCSD who aims to introduce regularity into their life. Student A prioritizes staying organized with assignment deadlines, class schedules, and meetings. They seek ease of access to class materials like assignments, documents, and links and appreciate tools that facilitate a simultaneous view of project progress. They value guidance with version control and industry-standard tools, favoring a structured learning experience that acts as a set of training wheels. With a focus on prioritization and effective time management, Student A is committed to improving their academic workflow and embracing technology to stay ahead.
  - Hobbyists:
    - Skipping: too vague, variability
  - Dev:
    - What developer needs:
      - Need to work with other people
      - Clear timeline:
        - Deadlines
        - Schedules
        - Meetings
      - Easily understand dependencies
      - Distribute time effectively
    - User Story (Persona + Need + Purpose):
      - Name: Developer Dan
      - User Story: As a developer, I want to see my tasks and commitments so that I can understand and manage my project deadlines. Dev A is a developer who thrives on collaboration and effective teamwork. They emphasize the importance of clear timelines, which include well-defined deadlines, schedules, and meeting plans. Dev A needs to seamlessly understand and manage project dependencies to ensure smooth progress and avoid bottlenecks. They are committed to distributing their time efficiently across various tasks and projects, leveraging strategic planning to maximize productivity and ensure that collaborative efforts align with overarching goals. Focused on maintaining clarity and structure, Dev A is dedicated to optimizing workflow in a dynamic, team-oriented environment.
  - Management:
    - What management needs:
      - Keep track of performance goals
      - Overarching view of team’s project
      - Clear timeline:
        - Deadlines
        - Schedules
        - Meetings
      - Work with others (interact and coordinate)
      - Organize team
      - Assign tasks effectively
      - Set performance goals and track progress
      - Ability to handle client and inter-team communication effectively
    - User Story (Persona + Need + Purpose):
      - Name: Meticulous Manager Maria
      - User Story: As a manager, I want to maintain my team’s tasks and schedules so that I can dictate clear timelines and efficiently achieve our goals. Manager B is a manager who values maintaining an overarching view of the team's projects. They focus on creating and adhering to clear timelines that detail deadlines, schedules, and key meetings. With a strong emphasis on collaboration, Manager B works closely with others to facilitate smooth coordination and effective communication. They excel in organizing the team, assigning tasks strategically, and setting performance goals that align with project objectives. Manager B tracks progress meticulously, ensuring that each team member's efforts contribute to the overall success. Skilled in managing client interactions and inter-team communication, they ensure that expectations are clearly defined and consistently met.

- Features
  - Students:
    - Must-haves:
      - Group/categorize tasks based on classes (folders of tasks); filter out tasks in calendar and list
      - Show upcoming deadlines for all tasks (NOT grouped, tagged maybe)
      - Highlight urgent deadlines (within x days, today, etc.)
      - Include relevant information to each task during the creation
        - E.g. links to instructions, descriptions
      - Import GitHub issues/PRs as tasks (use access token for security?)
    - Nice-to-haves:
      - Calendar feature to show tasks in month/weeks
      - Search Engine/Chatbot to look for tutorials for specific tools like git
  - Devs:
    - Must-haves:
      - Import GitHub issues/PRs as tasks (use access token for security?)
      - Show upcoming deadlines for all tasks (NOT grouped, tagged maybe)
      - Highlight urgent deadlines (within x days, today, etc.)
      - Include relevant information to each task during the creation
        - Dependencies!
      - Assign a number of hours to a task
    - Nice-to-haves:
      - Calendar feature to show tasks in month/weeks
      - Project lifecycle as a Gantt chart
      - Show links not associated with any task on the dashboard
      - A section to direct them to whichever communication app and development tools (Github, etc.) are specific to their team, e.g. slack, gmail
        - Also, possibly show the number of unread messages or emails in the tab.
      - Select tasks to do in any day
        - Reminder to users to have buffers
        - Have a fancy chart (pie) of their availability
        - Change the color of pie based on the number of works
          - 1-4: Green
          - 5-6: Yellow
          - 7-8: Red
        - JIRA integration
    - Managers:
      - Must haves:
        - Keep track of team members’ performance goals
          - Tab of people on team with each performance goal and be able to interactively place information and completion checkpoints
        - Task assignment to team members through dashboards
        - Import GitHub issues/PRs as tasks (use access token for security?)
        - Show upcoming deadlines for all tasks (NOT grouped, tagged maybe)
        - Highlight urgent deadlines (within x days, today, etc.)
        - Sprint visualization and planning
          - Use consistent metrics
      - Nice-to-haves:
        - A section to direct them to whichever communication app and development tools (Github, etc.) are specific to their team, e.g. slack, gmail
          - Also, possibly show the number of unread messages or emails in the tab.
        - JIRA integration
        - Have a way to see each team member’s tasks on a day
        - Send updates to other dependencies (e.g. other teams), including emails
        - Client progress tracker depicting each phase of the entire interaction or client cycle- features phase, user testing phase,  feedback and maintenance.

- Next Steps
  - Wireframe assignments
    - Developer: Kayla and Matthew
    - Student: Sammed and David
    - Manager: Sravanthi and Charles
  - Project Roadmap: David and Shayan
  - 5P Model: Meghana and Kayla
  - Statement of Purpose: Shayan and Meghana
  - Risks: Shayan and Meghana
